Make new flag DISABLE_MATERIAL_RECIPES to replace NO_UNIFICATION. (#3999)
GregTechCEu/GregTechCEu-1.19: docs/content/Modpacks/Materials-and-Elements/Material-Flags.md

- `NO_UNIFICATION`

>     - Description: Add to material to disable it's unification fully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Description: Add to material to disable automatic recipe generation for it fully. This flag is deprecated, please use DISABLE_MATERIAL_RECIPES instead.
```

- `DISABLE_MATERIAL_RECIPES`

>   - Description: Add to material to disable it's unification fully. This replaces NO_UNIFICATION.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Description: Add to material to disable automatic recipe generation for it fully. This replaces NO_UNIFICATION.
```
